OSDOCS-10990: 4.14.31 RN (#78092)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

[id="ocp-4-14-31"]
=== RHSA-2024:4010 - {product-title} 4.14.31 bug fix and security updates

Issued: 2024-06-26

{product-title} release 4.14.31, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:4010[RHSA-2024:4010] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:4013[RHBA-2024:4013] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.14.31 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-14-31-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, the node name-fetching logic on the host was not accounting for multiple values and crashed when it returned a node name that contained an empty space. With this release, the logic is updated to use only the first returned hostname as the node name and the issue has been resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-34716[*OCPBUGS-34716*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the logic for fetching the names of nodes from the host was not accounting for multiple values and terminated unexpectedly when it returned multiple values for the name that contained a space. With this release, the logic is updated to use only the first returned hostname as the node name and the issue has been resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-34716[*OCPBUGS-34716*])
```

Reviewer: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#crash
